>>> READING FROM THIS TRAVEL
>>> READING FROM THIS TRAVEL ADVISORY QUOTE, THEY ANNOUNCED
ADVISORY QUOTE, THEY ANNOUNCED THE TEMPORARY SEPARATION OF
THE TEMPORARY SEPARATION OF OPERATIONS FROM THE U.S. EMBASSY
OPERATIONS FROM THE U.S. EMBASSY IN CARACUS.
IN CARACUS. THEY ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY
THEY ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY WITHDRAWAL OF DIPLOMATIC
WITHDRAWAL OF DIPLOMATIC PERSONNEL.
PERSONNEL. THE U.S. ECHL ABC IN CARACAS
THE U.S. ECHL ABC IN CARACAS SHOULD DEPART VENEZUELA.
SHOULD DEPART VENEZUELA. THE SITUATION ON THE GROUND
THE SITUATION ON THE GROUND THERE HAS DETERIORATED INTO
THERE HAS DETERIORATED INTO DISASTER.
DISASTER. JOINING US IS CHRIS MURPHY FROM
JOINING US IS CHRIS MURPHY FROM CONNECTICUT.
CONNECTICUT. CHRIS, THANK YOU FOR JOINING US.
CHRIS, THANK YOU FOR JOINING US. MUCH APPRECIATE IT.
MUCH APPRECIATE IT. >> SURE.
>> SURE. >> THERE’S A LOT OF NEWS ALL THE
>> THERE’S A LOT OF NEWS ALL THE TIME NOW, LOCALITIESTS OF HOME G
TIME NOW, LOCALITIESTS OF HOME G CRISES.
CRISES. THE PRESIDENT CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN
THE PRESIDENT CAMPAIGN CHAIRMAN IS ABOUT FIND OUT HOW LONG HE’LL
IS ABOUT FIND OUT HOW LONG HE’LL SPEND IN FEDERAL PRISON.
SPEND IN FEDERAL PRISON. YOU’VE BEEN TELLING AMERICANS TO
YOU’VE BEEN TELLING AMERICANS TO BASICALLY BE AWARE ABOUT WHAT’S
BASICALLY BE AWARE ABOUT WHAT’S GOING ON IN VENEZUELA, ABOUT
GOING ON IN VENEZUELA, ABOUT WHAT OUR OWN GOVERNMENT APPEARS
WHAT OUR OWN GOVERNMENT APPEARS TO BE DOING THERE NOW.
TO BE DOING THERE NOW. WHAT IS YOUR CONCERN?
WHAT IS YOUR CONCERN? WHAT DO YOU THINK PEOPLE SHOULD
WHAT DO YOU THINK PEOPLE SHOULD BE WATCHING FOR?
BE WATCHING FOR? >> THERE’S BEEN PLENTY OF
>> THERE’S BEEN PLENTY OF REPORTING GOING BACK AT LEAST A
REPORTING GOING BACK AT LEAST A YEAR ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP’S
YEAR ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP’S INQUIRIES ABOUT MILITARY
INQUIRIES ABOUT MILITARY INTERVENTION IN VENEZUELA.
INTERVENTION IN VENEZUELA. IT’S CURIOUS BECAUSE THE
IT’S CURIOUS BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT SEEMS TO GET ALONG
PRESIDENT SEEMS TO GET ALONG SWIMMINGLY WITH OTHER BRUTAL
SWIMMINGLY WITH OTHER BRUTAL DICTATORS AROUND THE WORLD, BUT
DICTATORS AROUND THE WORLD, BUT FOR WHATEVER REASON HE HAS
FOR WHATEVER REASON HE HAS PEGGED NICOLAS MADURO ABOUT
PEGGED NICOLAS MADURO ABOUT SOMEONE HE WILL GET ALONG
SOMEONE HE WILL GET ALONG DIFFERENTLY WITH.
DIFFERENTLY WITH. HE CALLS THIS A NEW FREE AND
HE CALLS THIS A NEW FREE AND FAIR ELECTION, BUT THERE IS NO
FAIR ELECTION, BUT THERE IS NO PATHWAY TO MADURO TO USHER IN A
PATHWAY TO MADURO TO USHER IN A NEW REGIME.
NEW REGIME. IT RUNS THROUGH U.S. MILITARY
IT RUNS THROUGH U.S. MILITARY INTERVENTION.
INTERVENTION. THE U.S. HAS COOLED ITS TALK OF
THE U.S. HAS COOLED ITS TALK OF MILITARY INTERVENTION GENERALLY
MILITARY INTERVENTION GENERALLY OVER THE LAST WEEK, BUT THERE IS
OVER THE LAST WEEK, BUT THERE IS NO DOUBT THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP
NO DOUBT THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS HAD A LOT OF INTEREST IN
HAS HAD A LOT OF INTEREST IN THAT KIND OF MOVE IN VENEZUELA,
THAT KIND OF MOVE IN VENEZUELA, AND I THINK IT’S JUST IMPORTANT
AND I THINK IT’S JUST IMPORTANT FOR ALL OF US TO MAKE SURE THAT
FOR ALL OF US TO MAKE SURE THAT WE ARE NOT SETTING OURSELVES UP
WE ARE NOT SETTING OURSELVES UP FOR A GIANT MISTAKE THERE.
FOR A GIANT MISTAKE THERE. WHEN WE PULL OUR DIPLOMATS OUT
WHEN WE PULL OUR DIPLOMATS OUT TODAY, I WILL NOTE THAT ONE OF
TODAY, I WILL NOTE THAT ONE OF THE REASONS WE SAID WAS BECAUSE
THE REASONS WE SAID WAS BECAUSE IT WAS CONSTRAINING OUR OPTIONS
IT WAS CONSTRAINING OUR OPTIONS IN VENEZUELA.
IN VENEZUELA. SOME PEOPLE READ THAT TO MEAN
SOME PEOPLE READ THAT TO MEAN THAT WITH OUR DIPLOMATS THERE,
THAT WITH OUR DIPLOMATS THERE, MILITARY INTERVENTION WAS
MILITARY INTERVENTION WAS HARDER.
HARDER. >> YOU WROTE ON LINE TODAY THAT,
>> YOU WROTE ON LINE TODAY THAT, ESSENTIALLY RAISING THE PROSPECT
ESSENTIALLY RAISING THE PROSPECT THE U.S. MIGHT BE TRYING TO
THE U.S. MIGHT BE TRYING TO START A CIVIL WAR IN VENEZUELA
START A CIVIL WAR IN VENEZUELA FOR NO REAL PLAN ON HOW IT ENDS.
FOR NO REAL PLAN ON HOW IT ENDS. WHEN YOU FWAUKTALK ABOUT THAT KI
WHEN YOU FWAUKTALK ABOUT THAT KI SCENARIO, IS THAT WHAT YOU’RE
SCENARIO, IS THAT WHAT YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT WITH MILITARY
TALKING ABOUT WITH MILITARY INTERVENTION?
INTERVENTION? IS THERE SOME KIND OF BANK SHOT
IS THERE SOME KIND OF BANK SHOT THAT THE UNITED STATES
THAT THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT MIGHT BE TRYING TO
GOVERNMENT MIGHT BE TRYING TO PULL OFF IN TRYING TO ACHIEVE
PULL OFF IN TRYING TO ACHIEVE THE SORT OF ENDS YOU’RE
THE SORT OF ENDS YOU’RE DESCRIBING THERE.
DESCRIBING THERE. HOW DO YOU THINK THEY’LL PULL
HOW DO YOU THINK THEY’LL PULL OFF DOING WHAT YOU THINK THEY’RE
OFF DOING WHAT YOU THINK THEY’RE GOING TO DO?
GOING TO DO? >> WE MADE A BIG CALL HERE.
>> WE MADE A BIG CALL HERE. WE CALLED MADURO ILLEGITIMATE,
WE CALLED MADURO ILLEGITIMATE, AND WE RECOGNIZED GUAIDO AS A
AND WE RECOGNIZED GUAIDO AS A LEADER OF THE COUNTRY, AND WE
LEADER OF THE COUNTRY, AND WE DID THAT WITHOUT A REAL
DID THAT WITHOUT A REAL WELL-THOUGHT-OUT PLAN FOR HOW WE
WELL-THOUGHT-OUT PLAN FOR HOW WE WERE GOING TO EXECUTE THAT.
WERE GOING TO EXECUTE THAT. ONE OF MY WORRIES IS THAT WE
ONE OF MY WORRIES IS THAT WE HAVE USED HUMANITARIAN AID AS A
HAVE USED HUMANITARIAN AID AS A POLITICAL TOOL, TRYING TO USE IT
POLITICAL TOOL, TRYING TO USE IT AS A MEANS TO TRY TO PROMOTE
AS A MEANS TO TRY TO PROMOTE REGIME CHANGE INSTEAD OF REALLY
REGIME CHANGE INSTEAD OF REALLY STAYING SINGLE-MINDEDLY FOCUSED
STAYING SINGLE-MINDEDLY FOCUSED OF GETTING THE HUMANITARIAN
OF GETTING THE HUMANITARIAN RELIEF ON THE GROUND.
RELIEF ON THE GROUND. THERE IS A PATHWAY, A DIPLOMATIC
THERE IS A PATHWAY, A DIPLOMATIC PATHWAY, BUT IT RUNS THROUGH
PATHWAY, BUT IT RUNS THROUGH COUNTRY LIKE CHINA AND CUBA AND
COUNTRY LIKE CHINA AND CUBA AND RUSSIA.
RUSSIA. COUNTRIES THAT THE TRUMP
COUNTRIES THAT THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION REALLY CANNOT
ADMINISTRATION REALLY CANNOT DEAL WITH TODAY.
DEAL WITH TODAY. WE’RE IN THE MIDDLE OF A TRADE
WE’RE IN THE MIDDLE OF A TRADE WAR WITH CHINA THAT BASICALLY
WAR WITH CHINA THAT BASICALLY ELIMINATES OUR ABILITY TO TRY TO
ELIMINATES OUR ABILITY TO TRY TO GET THEM TO THE TABLE ON
GET THEM TO THE TABLE ON VENEZUELA.
VENEZUELA. THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION HAS
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION HAS REVERSED THE COOLING OFF WITH
REVERSED THE COOLING OFF WITH CUBA THAT WOULD HAVE, IF NOT
CUBA THAT WOULD HAVE, IF NOT REVERSED, ALLOWED US TO TALK TO
REVERSED, ALLOWED US TO TALK TO THE CUBANS ABOUT A PATHWAY
THE CUBANS ABOUT A PATHWAY FORWARD.
FORWARD. THERE ARE NOT A LOT OF PEOPLE WE
THERE ARE NOT A LOT OF PEOPLE WE CAN WORK WITH TO TRY TO LAND
CAN WORK WITH TO TRY TO LAND THIS PLANE IN VENEZUELA, AND WE
THIS PLANE IN VENEZUELA, AND WE DON’T SEEM TO HAVE ANY OTHER
DON’T SEEM TO HAVE ANY OTHER SOLID MEANS BY WHICH TO MAKE
SOLID MEANS BY WHICH TO MAKE GOOD ON THIS PROMISE WE MADE
GOOD ON THIS PROMISE WE MADE THAT GUAIDO WOULD EVENTUALLY BE
THAT GUAIDO WOULD EVENTUALLY BE MADE PRESIDENT.
MADE PRESIDENT. AND THEN MY WORRY BECOMES IF ALL
AND THEN MY WORRY BECOMES IF ALL THOSE OTHER OPTIONS ARE OFF THE
THOSE OTHER OPTIONS ARE OFF THE TABLE, DOES SOMEBODY MAKE A
TABLE, DOES SOMEBODY MAKE A MISTAKE HERE AND MOVE FORWARD
MISTAKE HERE AND MOVE FORWARD WITH SOME KIND OF MILITARY
WITH SOME KIND OF MILITARY OPTION?
OPTION? >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. AND THIS LATEST SURPRISE MOVE
AND THIS LATEST SURPRISE MOVE WITH ALL U.S. PERSONNEL BEING
WITH ALL U.S. PERSONNEL BEING PULLED FROM VENEZUELA AFTER THE
PULLED FROM VENEZUELA AFTER THE U.S. WAS INITIALLY RESISTING
U.S. WAS INITIALLY RESISTING THAT, THAT AT LEAST HAS BEEN
THAT, THAT AT LEAST HAS BEEN TAKEN TO WORRY FOR THAT